1.He hated the women of the City. That's why he could get off to watching them taking shits and pissing and splattering thick blood everywhere during 'that time of the month'. He loved to be able to see them in their most private, their most guarded moments. Without all their expensive clothes, and most importantly, without them even knowing. He gained privilege to how dirty and disgusting they really were when the bathroom door was shut tight behind them and they thought that no one was looking in. He came when it was a skinny petite chick taking a massive shit, that seemed to go on and on forever. Or the long thick stream of piss and the shit coming out together in unison at that the same time. Or a particularly clean- looking, brand-wearing heiress dribbling out or her ass a relentless stream of dirty diarrhea. Those times he would come so hard it would end up catapulting a few feet across and onto the coffee table.2.I was told by my doctor that it was a scientific fact that people who talk to themselves during their waking day, they will have more of a tendency to hear voices in their sleep and will suffer from more listlessness and restlessness during their sleep.All the poor of the city. I watched him hastily collecting cardboard like kindling. Sunset comes closing in on him.The more I spent ringing people through it began dawning on me that life is a cash register. Or: Cash Register-Karma. One person pays with the bills and change that will then become the next persons change and with out even knowing it what was once yours has now become theirs. They have been connected quickly for that one transaction in time and space. Money their only tangible connection. And i'm the only one to know it. I once wrote this poem or song about it. It goes:
She came up crying, looked like she had been dying She still had to pay in cash, I was afraid to ask.He came up next, next to no clueHer tears his change been through.3.He told her sparingly about when he was a young child and his Uncle took him and his brothers to the pizza parlor late at night and they played videogames and smelled and ate the pizza until they had to go back homeAnd it was some of his most cherished memories. But that Uncle had ended up committing suicide and he was worried it was in his genes and he ended up being right.In response to his death, she mourns by going on a shopping spree. She becomes addicted to spending money, the money that they saved up together. She is a shopaholic.She goes through his dead games trying to relive with him. She starts out with his older games and those bring up remembrances of when they were a young couple and all he could afford was the older system. That makes her think about what he told her about his childhood.4.Him and most of his generation found the one thing that allowed them to stay away forever. He would never have to face himself. He would never have to confront. Inside the world of the Game, time as others knew it ceased to exist. To be hooked up to the feeder tubes and the waste exhaust manifold, then most importantly the drug delivery drive. The D3.
They were known as "Free-timers", mostly referred to by the slang term Freetas. The advancement of pharmaceutical sciences had elongated the average human life span such that there was no longer retirement, only death. The economies of the world had long since known only stagnation, recession, depression.The governments were happy for the Freeta movement. Young people were no longer seduced into attending college, government no longer had capital to spare on educational loans and grants. Instead now, they invested only in the infrastructure of the Game, sanctioning and taxing its usage at the Federal level.He begins to mix up reality with his life playing the Game. He does this because he fears living. Within the Game he can die as many times as he has to. In real life he never knows what to do because things can never be undone.Because of the rampant usage of waste exhaust manifolds to extend their time connected into the Game, many of the most diehard players developed scatological perversions. Some of them had reverted back to childhood tendencies and no longer had control over their bowels or bladders. Many of them lost the ability to willingly use the bathroom unless they were connected to the manifold.They developed sexual tendencies and appetites that warped not only the content of their fantasies, but the manner of masturbation as well. He doesn't have sex anymore. Sex for him and for many Freeters consists of gaming and masturbating simultaneously while high. It is a new form of sex.In the beginning, he had the tiny digi-camera hidden above in the dirty dusty air-vent. But then he slowly started moving it down until he ended up hiding it right under the light sensor unit that made the toilet flush automatically. He chose the place where he knew he would get the most female traffic -- his own Tarbucks where he worked as a Freeta. He also knew that this bathroom would run out of toilet paper often and that seemed to excite him the most. The thought of the girls unable to wipe themselves clean with the piss and
the shit still stuck on their ass and pussy."Hikcoon"A fusion of the Japanese word Hikikomori, and the English word Cocoon. They are the cave-like dwelling structures that the Freetas live in. The Japanese first used the word hikikomori to describe the young anti-social shut-ins who refused to leave the safety of their rooms for weeks, months, and years at a time. Thought only to be a phenomenon particular to Japan, the syndrome spread to both America and Europe a few years later.The Hikcoon building boom has been the only positive growth seen in the housing market for decades. Parents are just as anxious to hide their reclusive children away within the confines of their homes. Most Hikcoons are strewn from organic, self-supporting materials that require little to no maintenance once they are installed. In households that are fortunate enough, the Hikcoons, which are usually no larger than 10'x10'x10' in dimension, can be installed in a corner of a basement or an attic. Unless your child is a"Functmer" (Functioning Gamer), their existence can be ignored for years."GTP Rate"Game Transfer Phenomenon is the psychological obsession with the Game even after the Functmer has disconnected. The degree of mental absorption is directly proportionate to Game exposure time versus Reality consumption ratio. It is measured and recorded then displayed on the inside of the Hikkoon with a simple digital readout.His goal is to increase his K/D without sacrificing his GTP rate. That is why he still can manage to disconnect by his own free will. While many are only able to disengage from the Game and the D3 during the monthly maintenance, during which time the layout and the parameters of the Game are re-arranged.